hello okay so this week we're going to
talk about Sun warrior protein powder
it's a raw vegan protein powder made
from high-quality whole grains sprouted
brown rice it's endorsed by many
athletes as far as I'm concerned it's
the best protein powder on the market
it's a combination of the sprouted
endosperm and the brand making it a
complete food in itself
so I consider son where your protein
powder a complete superfood in itself
not just a protein powder happens to be
I think 18 grams of protein per scoop
provided in the bag but on top of that
anyone who knows rice friend knows that
rice bran is one of the most
nutrient-dense foods on the planet rich
in antioxidants the whole vitamin E
complex tocopherols tocotrienols all
sorts of minerals all sorts of vitamins
so it's a nutrient dense food in itself
on top of having the sprouted endosperm
as well so as the brand and the
endosperm which makes it a very very
complete food I love the Sun where your
protein powder because it's not heavy
its superlight it blends very well and
it tastes really really good so it's
going to have tons of vitamins tons of
minerals perfect protein amazing amino
acid ratio and it's going to have an
abundance of antioxidants as well as
that vitamin E complex so the Sun where
your protein powder is an amazing
addition just for anyone who's looking
to lose weight lean muscle mass and
especially for athletes because we're
finding out more and more through
testing that a lot of these isolated
protein powders have heavy metal
contamination and isolated nutrients in
general may give you an your cells an
initial boost but over the long term
it's very damaging this is a whole food
it has all of the synergistic cofactors
that make it a powerful super food in
itself
okay so to use it the recommended
serving is the one scoop they provide a
scooper in it provides like 18 grams of
protein and then all those amazing
nutrients that I described in the last
part of the video lately I've been
loving using the chocolate flavor and
it's not super chocolaty so I like take
some of ultimate superfoods cacao powder
which is super rich and dark and add
that into my drink on top of that to
give it a little more fiber little more
magnesium boost and more theobromine all
the amazing things we look at cal powder
for more antioxidants and of course that
delicious chocolate taste so lately i've
been using homemade kefir for organic
pastures the company that we love the
support and then combining the Sun
warrior protein with some of the cacao
powder and then you know all the other
goodies coconut oil or raw butter or
whatever you like to use and it makes an
absolutely incredible drink like I said
it blends really well it doesn't have
that nasty chalky taste so common to
protein powders and we love it and I
hope you love it too hope you're all
having a wonderful day we'll talk to you
soon